Dear Mr/Ms. [Hiring Manager's Last-Name], 

With the utmost enthusiasm I would like to put my name forward for your position of Partnership Manager, which I saw advertised today on the [Organization Name] website. 

I am an excellent networker who can identify strategic partnership opportunities as they arise, as well as quickly establish relationships and then derive maximum value from these partnerships. I have an excellent understanding of what motivates partners to work with each other and furthermore understand the challenges inherent in such relationships. 

As you can see from the attached CV I can deepen and broaden existing third party relationships by intricately managing day to day interactions with key people. In addition to this, I have a good track record of preparing tailor-made presentations and proposals for the senior decision makers of prospective and existing corporate partners. 

Aside from my technical competencies I have the ability to communicate effectively at a high level, both verbally and in writing. 

I come to you with a successful track record in a similar Partnership Manager role, and am confident in my ability to maintain and develop working relationships with your existing partner organizations and explore opportunities to bring onboard new potential partners. You can rely on me to carry out all of my duties quickly and competently. 

On a personal level I am passionate about delivering quality solutions that help to support growth. I will do everything within my power to make a success of this role. 

Right now, I am looking for an exciting role like yours where I can implement my own ideas and work autonomously. I must also say that I like your company's strong emphasis on work life balance. 

I look forward to the opportunity of meeting with you to learn more about your firm, its plans and goals, and how I might contribute to its continued success. Please do not hesitate to contact me if you feel an interview is required.

Sincerely,
