Dear Mr/Ms. [Hiring Manager's Last-Name], 

I am taking this opportunity to apply for your Recruitment Manager vacancy which I saw advertised earlier today on the [Organization Name] website. 

I divide the recruitment process into 4 stages; Applied, 1st Interview, 2nd Interview and Hired. 

I am passionate about hiring the right person, and can be relied upon to lead your in-house recruitment team to attract and recruit excellent talent. I believe that every HR problem has a solution, and my philosophy is that nothing is impossible, and everything is possible. I will ensure that any challenges in your hiring process is targeted and dealt with promptly and professionally with a “get to the root cause” attitude. 

I possess first-class leadership skills along with the ability to motivate, inspire and challenge those around me. Furthermore, I will carry out my duties in a warm, confident and professional manner. Additionally, I have the have the vision, networking and organisational ability to deliver excellent outcomes and facilitate a total solution for the hiring of personnel. 

Currently I work for .......... where I have been responsible for driving forward the company's external profile, delivering effective recruitment marketing and improving the way the it attracts the brightest and best minds. I have created and numerous innovative and interesting recruitment campaigns. Being hands on, I personally contact candidates for interview, ensuring they bring the appropriate documentation and writing to those who have failed to be selected for interview. 

Through my career I have become an expert adviser on all issues associated with eligibility to work, immigration and compliance matters. I have learnt how to lead a team with confidence and provide clear guidance, supervision and support to colleagues. 

Right now, I am looking to join a reputable company like yours that offers a friendly and stimulating environment, as well as favourable working conditions. Please find attached my most current CV for your consideration. If you feel that I may be suitable for your position then do not hesitate to contact me to arrange an interview.

Sincerely,
